Add support for `--help` and `--version` when Gradle is executed from the Tooling API (#35225)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/integration/tooling_api.adoc

A `ProjectConnection` connects to a single Gradle project.
Using the connection you can execute tasks, tests and retrieve models relative to this project.

[[sec:tapi_version_info]]
=== Getting CLI version info

> Starting with 9.3, the Tooling API exposes a lightweight model that returns the exact command-line text without starting a Gradle daemon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tooling API exposes lightweight models that return the exact command-line text quickly, without starting a Gradle daemon:
```

> * link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/tooling/model/build/VersionInfo.html[org.gradle.tooling.model.build.VersionInfo] — the banner printed by `gradle --version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/tooling/model/build/VersionBanner.html[org.gradle.tooling.model.build.VersionBanner] — the banner printed by `gradle --version`.
```

> You can fetch it like any other model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can fetch these models like any other:
```

----
try (var connection = GradleConnector.newConnector().forProjectDirectory(projectDir).connect()) {
	var versionInfo = connection.getModel(org.gradle.tooling.model.build.VersionInfo.class);
	System.out.println(versionInfo.getVersionOutput());
}
----

For convenience, the existing link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/tooling/model/build/GradleEnvironment.html#getVersionOutput--[GradleEnvironment#getVersionOutput()] also returns the same banner text when you already query the BuildEnvironment model.

Additionally, when you execute operations via the Tooling API consumer and pass CLI flags, the following flags are honored the same way as on the command line:

* `-?`, `-h`, `--help` — print help and short-circuit the operation.
* `-v`, `--version` — print the version banner and short-circuit the operation.
* `-V`, `--show-version` — print the version banner and continue with the operation.

When targeting older Gradle versions that do not provide these models or methods, the Tooling API will throw the usual
link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/tooling/UnknownModelException.html[UnknownModelException] for unknown models and

> link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/tooling/UnsupportedVersionException.html[UnsupportedVersionException] for unsupported methods. Feature‑detect and fall back as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/tooling/UnsupportedVersionException.html[UnsupportedVersionException] for unsupported methods. 
Feature‑detect and fall back as needed.
```
